#### 自我介绍

Hello, interviewer. I'm Wang Lei.  
          英特微沃

It is my pleasure to have an interview
              普来射                         英特微吾

I have been working in computer science since I graduated.
							    赛恩斯   深斯

Now mainly in the front-end area. 
				  服乱ten    er也

I have worked in Dashang Tianguo net for 8 years,  because  of the change of business development , 

I left the job. 

#### 个人能力

1. I’m  proficient  in  HTML, CSS3, SASS, LESS
           破飞审特

2. I master jq， javascript, and the front-end development framework of  VUE 
                                                                                                        服端母沃克

3. I have participated in large-scale mobile Internet development for many years.
           帕嘚斯配忒得    拉句-斯给哦
      I specialize in component development, 
        斯败搜来斯
   Include  UI components and interactive functional components. Icon library optimization,
   英克鲁                                        英特日呱提喔                                                             啊破地嘚深
   to form a complete UI  framework  CLI.
                     肯普累特

4. Participate in page development of PC, Mini Program
   帕嘚斯配得

5. Understand Node and MySQL database, 

  and I can use SQL statements to complete database operations;
                                   斯得特门斯                                          啊波端深
  Usually ，I like SVG CSS3  animation  production .
  邮搜累                                   挨妮每深

#### 项目介绍

Dalian Tiangou Net,  is a B to C  website. 
I participated in the launch and operation of the website
   帕嘚斯配忒得

I was mainly responsible for page development in this project.
                       瑞斯帮斯卜                                                        普肉拽特

The project is frequently revised,  
                          飞滚特累    端外斯得

In order to make website maintenance more convenient and efficient, 
                                              每特嫩斯                    肯卫您特             依飞深特

third-party plug-ins are rarely used.
                    普来根斯

UI plugins are mostly personal development.  
                          某斯里
Sass was first used to develop CSS class libraries, 

and then VUE framework was used to develop UI component libraries, 

including navigation, lists, buttons, labels, etc., plus SVG Sprite.  
                  乃沃给深                                         依特塞特入呱

Finally, they can be used to develop business and interaction components. 
                                                                                         英特日呱提喔   

I also develop small websites independently, using the vue framework. 
                                                     英的喷den特累
Including recruitment website, large-screen display of data, etc.
                  瑞库门特                                 斯魁嗯			           依特塞特入呱















#### 英文1

Hello, interviewer. I'm Wang Lei.  It is my pleasure to have an interview

I have been working in computer science since I graduated.Now mainly in the front-end area. 

I have worked in Dashang Tianguo net for 8 years,  because  of the change of business development , 

I left the job. 

#### 英文2

1. I’m proficient in HTML, CSS3, SASS, LESS

2. I master jq，javascript, and the front-end development framework of  VUE 

3. I have participated in large-scale mobile Internet development for many years.I specialize in component development, Include  UI components and interactive functional components. Icon library optimization,to form a complete UI  framework  CLI.

4. Participate in page development of PC, Mini Program

5. Understand Node and MySQL database, and I can use SQL statements to complete database operations;

   Usually ，I like SVG CSS3  animation  production .



#### 英文3

Dalian Tiangou Net,  is a B to C  website. I participated in the launch and operation of the website

I was mainly responsible for page development in this project.The project is frequently revised,In order to make website maintenance more convenient and efficient, third-party plug-ins are rarely used.

UI plugins are mostly personal development.  Sass was first used to develop CSS class libraries, and then VUE framework was used to develop UI component libraries, including navigation, lists, buttons, labels, etc., plus SVG Sprite.  Finally, they can be used to develop business and interaction components. 

I also develop small websites independently, using the vue framework. Including recruitment website, large-screen display of data, etc.























